Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Tommy’s iPhone: Hello.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hi, how are you
Tommy’s iPhone: I'm good. Great.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sorry I'm late. I was having a little trouble logging in. I forgot my password.
Oh, you're
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So many passwords and so little brain capacity.
Tommy’s iPhone: Oh, tell me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's terrible. And that I'm so until I am your nurse practitioner here at bright heart health.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I've been a nurse practitioner for about 15 years and I've been working in addiction medicine for about the past three and a half years so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you tell me a little bit about yourself.
Tommy’s iPhone: Um, yeah.
Tommy’s iPhone: I don't know, like, like, what were you on a net
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So why did you come to bright heart health.
Tommy’s iPhone: Well, mainly, I was kind of starting to get scared to go out places with the coronavirus and everything going on, we're kind of on lockdown around here and
Tommy’s iPhone: Also the insurance return you guys take insurance and everything and every place I've ever been to. Doesn't take insurance and I've been paying out of pocket for so long. This is just this is awesome. Very nice.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What state are you in. Can you remind me.
Tommy’s iPhone: Or Ohio.
Tommy’s iPhone: What part I'm south pretty much like South Central Ohio, about an hour from Columbus.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm sorry, I used to live in Columbus and I'm from Dayton.
Tommy’s iPhone: Coffee. Got him.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh yeah, my brother lives down there.
Tommy’s iPhone: For half hour from Joel call. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Cool, yeah. He works for the chillicothe high school systems. Well, what he did as a janitor.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then yeah you know all this stuff going on you know they cut down the or, you know, shut down all the schools. So he's. I don't know what he's doing. I haven't talked to him in a couple weeks. But yeah, so
So, yeah.
I know that area.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me pull up your chart, real quick. So tell me while I'm looking for your chart.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Tell me a little bit about your
Tommy’s iPhone: Drug history I I hurt my back real severely. It was out for years and started going to a doctor, when I was about 17 or 18 and they started prescribed me Norco 10s 180 a month. And at that time I didn't know
Tommy’s iPhone: Anything about him, of course. So I took them and told them, and took them until the day they said they weren't looking to me anymore and I had to figure out either have surgery or chiropractor use or whatever, and they just start by amongst street after that.
Tommy’s iPhone: Until about 2006 or I'm not sure when some boxing like kind of first came out, but it got me completely off over me and my wife both up till about two well 2016 she passed away from brain Glee and it caught me. Yeah, I kind of hit back into it, since then.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you on Suboxone now or and you just can't.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Get to what you need, or
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, I am now. But Mike restriction ran out last Thursday and create going to that one just because of everything that's going on and
Tommy’s iPhone: Just and they were going to have 300 bucks a month and my insurance would cover the prescription, but not the doctors. So they only took calf for the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Where were you going
Tommy’s iPhone: Addiction outreach and wireless oh yeah I know where that is too.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I used to work in a clinic that was south of Columbus in a set, actually, I think they consider a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Columbus suburb and Grove City.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And we would get
Tommy’s iPhone: A lot of people from
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not necessarily your area, but more
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like Jackson, a little bit further galleys. So, in
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That area.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: We would get a lot of people open that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Clinic and it to was a cash only clinic. Well, when I started with a cash only clinic.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Then I moved to Arizona last year. And so as I was moving. They were changing over to start to take insurances so I didn't know if maybe you were going to that clinic at the time and I just, you know, might have missed you. And my move and everything.
Tommy’s iPhone: But this, this is the first one I've ever what online. Here is the first one I've ever that took in church. I drove to Columbus up, Eric. It's called clinic five in Columbus, I drove get for years, me and I walked in.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, and how long ago did you say your wife passed.
Tommy’s iPhone: In 2016 and she must have been so young. I'm so sorry. Yeah. We together since high school.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, she got 3034 years old. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So let's just talk a little bit about your general medical history. Are you allergic to any medications.
Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Any
Jill Beavers-Kirby: intolerances to
Tommy’s iPhone: Medications like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Anything give you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Diarrhea
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or maybe it's or anything like that.
Tommy’s iPhone: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you on any prescription medicines for anything.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Other than this.
Tommy’s iPhone: No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right. Do you take anything over the counter.
Tommy’s iPhone: multivitamins anything like that. Yeah, I take vitamin C, vitamins, like vitamin C's and I take like a private set for stomach relief, like a nice by get like indigestion heartburn.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you take the pro stock every day or
Tommy’s iPhone: Okay, perfect.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm glad you take it, just when needed. That's the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Best way to take it. So I was gonna have a just kind of educate you about privacy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you were taking it every day. So if you get
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To the point where you're taking it every day. Let me know, because then we need to, you know,
Tommy’s iPhone: We need to do something else for your stomach. That's always something else going on.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have a primary care provider.
Tommy’s iPhone: As what is that ensure
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like a family doc or
Tommy’s iPhone: Oh, I don't. I've been trying to find one. But I up until this thing hit really you know how much sense that, but yeah, I was searching for and calling around trying to find one.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, and I know, like I said, I'm familiar with that area. So I know
Tommy’s iPhone: It's difficult.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, are you working
Tommy’s iPhone: Yes, up until this happened we deliver newspapers for the Columbus dispatch.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, nice. Okay. I have a question, if I can ask your personal question about work.
Tommy’s iPhone: What time to the papers get delivered to your
Tommy’s iPhone: House. Oh, well, we pick them up.
Tommy’s iPhone: For are we supposed to deliver we pick them up and chill coffee at sometimes between
Tommy’s iPhone: The earliest is one and usually the latest is about five in the morning.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah.
Tommy’s iPhone: They're going. We got bought out by six or eight
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, yeah, I am a newspaper reader and we subscribe to the dispatch in our paper, which was there.
Tommy’s iPhone: Every morning by five.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I always wondered what time
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know the papers got when, you know, got to the house, or I didn't know you went and picked him up, but I always wondered, what about that. So yeah.
Tommy’s iPhone: Interesting.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So let's talk about, like, I'm kind of looking at your chart. If you see me looking
Tommy’s iPhone: down over here. I'm looking at
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Your chart on the computer.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So let's talk about past medical history and any
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Problems with
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Heart disease, high blood pressure,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: irregular heartbeat anything
Tommy’s iPhone: Like that, no.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Asthma emphysema lung issues. History of pneumonia anything. No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, we talked a little bit about the stomach for heartburn and things. But have you ever had an ulcer any problems with nausea, constipation,
Tommy’s iPhone: No, I had constipation problems when I was on pain pills does a little bit. But yeah, not, not much to wear it bothers me.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So any problems with skin psoriasis, eczema, anything like that.
Tommy’s iPhone: Right. Yeah. Little bit dangerous in my beard.
Tommy’s iPhone: I watched it with head and shoulders and then care of it. Yeah, that's what I would recommend to that should help.
Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever been. Did you ever overdose and have to get an AR can
Tommy’s iPhone: A long time ago I did overdose online Narcos and so miss that I was getting prescribed when I was like 2021
Tommy’s iPhone: They, they did pop my stomach with that charcoal stuff.
Tommy’s iPhone: I don't know. I don't know what marketing is
Tommy’s iPhone: OK, but they did put my stomach and all that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Do you have sonar camp or excuse me Narcan is
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's a, it's a nose spray that when somebody overdoses and in Ohio. You can just walk into any pharmacy and get them in because the drug problem is so bad in Ohio. So say, for instance, you were
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know Adam McDonald's and you saw somebody
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Down, you know,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That was a drug addict, you know, they've got a needle sticking out of their arm you saw somebody down in the parking lot. You could take the Narc can and just score to enter knows just like you would like afren or any other type of those 40
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what it does is it blocks the way the opioids are binding into yourself so you know when you take a opioid like Norco it goes into yourselves and gives you that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Feeling that you like so what Narcan does
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is it pulls makes it breaks that bond.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So it's a way to save
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's a way to save a life. So there is a little nor can in Suboxone but it's just a teeny tiny dose. It's not the overdose reversal dose. It's a teeny tiny does. It's what cuts the high from the northeast.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's what this. Okay, so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I would recommend and you don't have to obviously do this today because of everything going on. I would recommend that you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do get
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Narc can to keep in your house, just in case you know i don't know you're in an area, you might save somebody's life one day I know things happen.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: People accidentally overdose. So like I said you can walk into any
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Pharmacy in Ohio and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You don't need a prescription, you can just go to the pharmacist and say, I would like seminar can and they will give you one.
Tommy’s iPhone: Okay, well,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So we talked about that any history of hepatitis C IV.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No. Okay. Um,
Tommy’s iPhone: What was I gonna ask totally forgot
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what kind of counseling or therapy. Are you doing
Tommy’s iPhone: I were just doing like a once a month counseling thing is a group session once a month with like 15 minutes a one on one afterwards.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Was it in person, then
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or was it online. Okay, so do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, are you so so with recovery delivered. What we do is we do group counseling and our Ohio group meets on Wednesdays at this time on Wednesday. So this time tomorrow you'll get to see me again. We do group counseling.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You'll have myself in there, you'll have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A therapist in there. Her name is Serena and then other people in Ohio.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Who are also in your situation and Serena that therapist kind of oversees everything and everybody talking. But as I'm sure you can imagine.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The conversation. The past few weeks has been on how are we surviving isolation and staying at home and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, how are we managing that. So, um, so, yeah, you'll come into a room, just like this, you'll see me Serena and the other people in the room, we just add you're in a private place that you know
Tommy’s iPhone: People around you can't hear.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What the other people are saying and the group, you know, we don't want everybody
Tommy’s iPhone: Or anybody to hear that conversation that's no problem.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that's the way we do group. You can obviously do
Jill Beavers-Kirby: More support if you feel like you need it. And right now because of what's going on.
Tommy’s iPhone: All the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: groups that are going online and there are a gazillion or you have to do is look for online support groups. There's a website, I found today. It's not really support, but
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's a
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Group of people who are in similar situations they have addiction issues and it's not always to drugs that can be
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To alcohol, whatever.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It gets a lot of reviews.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The patient to every viewed it say
Tommy’s iPhone: It's, it's really helped them and it's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Just more like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hey, what are you doing to pass the time or, you know, Hey, how are you managing that
Tommy’s iPhone: It's not
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Like I said, they don't have a therapist and they're directing the group, but it's called
Jill Beavers-Kirby: In the room calm.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Tommy’s iPhone: If you get bored and just
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Need to talk to somebody else about you know what they're going through that might be something for you to do to kind of reach out and not feel so isolated.
Tommy’s iPhone: It's a tough time. It's hard not to mention be scared to death theme, just go out and get a prescription or go to the doctor.
Tommy’s iPhone: So, it
Tommy’s iPhone: Made me miss my doctor's appointment Thursday, and now I'm sitting around like
Tommy’s iPhone: It's it's a rough time
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Really is. Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I know Ohio's got some a little stronger laws or recommendations going on and what we have here in Arizona all my family's still in Ohio. So I do talk to them about the daily changes and yeah there you know it's tough. It is tough for them.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, what questions do you have for me so far.
Um,
Tommy’s iPhone: Not a whole lot.
Tommy’s iPhone: I familiar with the boxing for quite a long time now. I kind of, I know how it can help me.
Tommy’s iPhone: I'm looking forward to really getting back into it. I was only going to this doctor for a month or two really just starting to try to
Tommy’s iPhone: Rehabilitate again after everything happened with my wife, so I'm looking forward to getting back into it and in trying to better myself again.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. And so that was at like Jamie Schneider and Nicholas
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And Youngstown, so it looks like you were seeing them.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm you mean you've got a pretty good. I'm looking at your prescribing report you got a pretty good solid history so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm really proud of you for that for realizing that you needed help, and sticking with it and and knowing the benefit. So I mean that's that's that's a lot of, you know, self identifying and so you've, you've done a really good job with that, you know, with everything going on.
Tommy’s iPhone: You have
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Children or
Tommy’s iPhone: My, my girlfriend, we, we have or not we, but she has a four year old and it's kind of my new family now they've kind of saved me really do you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Guys live together.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yes, we do. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right. Um, so I have your pharmacy listed as the Walgreens.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah. The problem with that is, I was thinking it after I told him, because I wanted it to be closer, but they, they don't have my information insurance information and I don't have a card.
Tommy’s iPhone: And you know they're supposed to be sending it to me anytime now, but I'm not sure if I would even be able to get them filled there.
Tommy’s iPhone: So I might
Tommy’s iPhone: Just stay with piped in my pharmacy down and get them filled with. It's called up
Tommy’s iPhone: I'll shoot Brewster's or
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah Brewster's in Python.
Tommy’s iPhone: You only looking like look up the number. No way.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm on my computer. I'm Brewster pharmacy and piketon Ohio.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yes. Yeah, I found it in my
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hometown okay they do.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, they already have everything so I wouldn't have any trouble getting a field. They're actually I come up here.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, yeah, I see. That's where you've been getting everything done so. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah, we'll do that and hopefully by
You know, in a couple of weeks.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You'll be getting your card.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, you should supposed to be within the next week or so. Then I'll probably switch right here to Jackson and taking home delivery.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And bringing my piece.
Tommy’s iPhone: Yes, that's what I was trying to get that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay so Brewster's isn't offering any home delivery yet or
Tommy’s iPhone: Only within like 15 miles and I'm about 25
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Well, I know like around here, what they're doing is
Jill Beavers-Kirby: My husband had to go pick up a prescription, the other day. So when we started even walking
Tommy’s iPhone: Towards
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The pharmacy that guy from the pharmacy came out and he said, Are you here for prescription. And he said, Yes. And so my husband just stayed outside the door and they
Jill Beavers-Kirby: handed it to him from the
Tommy’s iPhone: Door.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because they weren't letting
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know anybody in or anything.
Tommy’s iPhone: They have a drive through one and you just draw a nice right
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, that makes it even nicer.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you'll be going back to work when all this is over. So that, that'll be good is your girlfriend working or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because of all this.
Tommy’s iPhone: We work together.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Did you meet her there.
Tommy’s iPhone: No.
Tommy’s iPhone: No, she
Tommy’s iPhone: Is one of my white friends that we, me and my wife was supposed supervisor said beliefs you foods that big three plant here in Jackson.
Tommy’s iPhone: And
Tommy’s iPhone: We met her there and like two years after she passed. We kind of bumped into each other and know it got worked out okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't think I have any other questions for you today.
Tommy’s iPhone: Oh, what I have one, you'll see that tab for film you
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh yeah, it's going to ask you because I can't tell.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What you've been on
Tommy’s iPhone: I've been on tablets.
Tommy’s iPhone: But OK and get film I would prefer film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you know what your insurance covers
Tommy’s iPhone: I, I don't. I have no clue.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, cuz it's up to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Has been on tablets. Um, yeah, it's up to the what the insurance will cover.
Tommy’s iPhone: Well, just stick with tablets and I'll
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Finish your insurance, you know,
Tommy’s iPhone: United Healthcare
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And I think United Healthcare prefers film.
I'm pretty sure
Tommy’s iPhone: I'll send the prescription in
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then you can call them like later on today and ask them how much it's going to be
Tommy’s iPhone: And if it's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know $500 then know that it's not covered.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then you can just contact us and say, Okay, I need this changed over to tablets.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But I'm pretty sure I've prescribed United Healthcare before and I'm
Tommy’s iPhone: Almost positive prefer film. Okay, that'd be great. That'd be amazing. I prefer them so much more
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I've heard the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Film has this orange he tastes and it's a little better.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, well, I will send that in
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, so you've not. Have you ever had any surgeries or any hospitalizations, I forgot.
Tommy’s iPhone: When I was about 16 I broke my elbow lifting weights for on wrestling. They had to put a bone back in place and put pins in other than that, oh, my tonsils out when I was a kid I
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Know you're doing like bicep curls or what were you doing
Tommy’s iPhone: Yeah, like if there's an arm wrestling machine. I was like, going over like that and my forum pulled hard enough work that bone and my foreign load up alarm, like right here.
Tommy’s iPhone: It was
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, I bet that sounds like it hurts or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hurt. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right, and no hospitalizations, other than for the surgery.
Nope.
Tommy’s iPhone: Alright.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Alright, well, I think that's all. If you have any questions, just contact me through here and I'll see you tomorrow 10 o'clock.
Tommy’s iPhone: Oh right 10 o'clock. Yep. All right, I'll see you then.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Thank you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Very much. Bye bye.
Bye.